make file for documenting what parameters are parsed for public submi… (#751)
Proteobench/ProteoBench: docs/available-modules/12-parsed-parameters-for-public-submission.md

We automatically retrieve the parameters used for a specific worklow run in the parameter file submitted next to the result. The parsing depends on the tool and are described below.

## General comments on the parameters that are retrieved by ProteoBench

The parameters that are retrieve from the parameter files are the following:

- "software_name": name of the software tool.
- "software_version": version of the software tool used to generate the run.

> - "search_engine": name of the search engine used for MS-based identification. Often the same as the software name, but is relevant for data analysis workflows that allow multiple search engines to be used (TODO: example)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "search_engine": name of the search engine used for MS-based identification. Often the same as the software name, but is relevant for data analysis workflows that allow multiple search engines to be used (e.g. quantms)
```
